# Password-Locker
#### This is an application for storing various individuals accounts password. Runs on command line interface , April 7, 2019.
#### By **Aisa Jemila**
## Description
Github repository: https://github.com/AisaJ/Pass_locker
This is a terminal application in which allows users to save their several opened accounts credentials for referral in case they forget. The application allows you to add new account's details that have not been created and thus provides a funtionality to auto-generate the password. Users can add already existing accounts details, search for an account by inputting the account name. Also view all accounts saved and delete the ones no longer needed.
## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Ensure you have a github account
* On my github repositories, select project name (Pass_locker)
* Clone the project
* On the command line c
* Lastly ng serve on cli to view application
## Behavior Driven Development (BDD)
| General Behavior | Input    | Output   |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| Users creates new account credentials | ca      | Prompted to enter account-name, username and a password is autogenerated  |
| User adds an existing account credentials | ac | Prompted to fill account-name, username and password |
| User can search for an account | fa | Prompted to enter account-name: Match results displayed |
| User views all accounts currently saved | da | List of present accounts saved displayed |
| User can delete account(s) from the list | dl | Promped to enter account-name: matched account details are deleted |
| User is logged out of the application | lo | terminates the application |
## Known Bugs
The application functions as expected. No errors or failures present. Feel free to reach out via email: *aisajemila@gmail.com* incase of difficulties in operation
## Technologies Used
The application is built on:
* Python language
## Support and contact details
For any queries and suggestions on how I could improve on the application, please contact the support team via **Tel No: +254 707 306910** or **Email: aisajemila@gmail.com**
Any comment on what you liked or feel should have been placed better is appreciated. Tips and other code tricks are welcomed as well.

### License
*MIT License*

*Copyright (c) [2019] [AISA JEMILA]*

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

*THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.*
Copyright (c) 2019 **Aisa Jemila**


